README.md, before:



<div align="center">
<img width="200" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8b617791-cd37-4a5a-8695-a7c9018b7c70" />
<br>
<br>
<h1>Crossmint Wallets Quickstart</h1>

<div align="center">
<a href="https://solana-wallets.demos-crossmint.com/">Live Demo</a> | <a href="https://docs.crossmint.com/introduction/platform/wallets">Docs</a> | <a href="https://github.com/crossmint">See all quickstarts</a>
</div>

<br>
<br>
<img src="todo-update-with-image" alt="Image" width="full">
</div>

## Introduction
Create and interact with Crossmint wallets in {todo: update}. This quickstart uses Crossmint Auth and uses your external wallet (e.g Phantom, Coinbase, etc.) as a signer for that wallet.

**Learn how to:**
- Create a wallet
- View its balance for SOL and SPL tokens
- Send a transaction
- Add delegated signers to allow third parties to sign transactions on behalf of your wallet

## Deploy
Easily deploy the template to Vercel with the button below. You will need to set the required environment variables in the Vercel dashboard.

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FCrossmint%2Fsolana-wallets-quickstart&env=NEXT_PUBLIC_CROSSMINT_API_KEY)

## Setup
1. Clone the repository and navigate to the project folder:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/crossmint/solana-wallets-quickstart.git && cd solana-wallets-quickstart
```

2. Install all dependencies:
```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
# or
pnpm install
# or
bun install
```

3. Set up the environment variables:
```bash
cp .env.template .env
```

4. Get a Crossmint API key from [here](https://docs.crossmint.com/introduction/platform/api-keys/client-side) and add it to the `.env` file.
```bash
NEXT_PUBLIC_CROSSMINT_API_KEY=your_api_key
```

5. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

## Using in production
1. Create a [production API key](https://docs.crossmint.com/introduction/platform/api-keys/client-side).

Commit message:

EVM: add privy (#1)
* EVM: add privy quickstart

* updated readme

README.md, after:



<div align="center">
<img width="200" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8b617791-cd37-4a5a-8695-a7c9018b7c70" />
<br>
<br>
<h1>Crossmint Wallets EVM Quickstart (Privy)</h1>

<div align="center">
<a href="https://evm-wallets-privy.demos-crossmint.com/">Live Demo</a> | <a href="https://docs.crossmint.com/introduction/platform/wallets">Docs</a> | <a href="https://github.com/crossmint">See all quickstarts</a>
</div>

<br>
<br>
<img src="todo-update-with-image" alt="Image" width="full">
</div>

## Introduction
Create and manage Crossmint wallets on EVM chains using Privy to handle user authentication.

**Learn how to:**
- Create a wallet
- View its balance for ETH and ERC20 tokens
- Send a transaction
- Add delegated signers to allow third parties to sign transactions on behalf of your wallet

## Deploy
Easily deploy the template to Vercel with the button below. You will need to set the required environment variables in the Vercel dashboard.

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FCrossmint%2Fevm-wallets-privy-quickstart&env=NEXT_PUBLIC_CROSSMINT_API_KEY)

## Setup
1. Clone the repository and navigate to the project folder:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/crossmint/evm-wallets-privy-quickstart.git && cd evm-wallets-privy-quickstart
```

2. Install all dependencies:
```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
# or
pnpm install
# or
bun install
```

3. Set up the environment variables:
```bash
cp .env.template .env
```

4. Get a Crossmint API key from [here](https://docs.crossmint.com/introduction/platform/api-keys/client-side) and add it to the `.env` file.
```bash
NEXT_PUBLIC_CROSSMINT_API_KEY=your_api_key
```

5. Get a Privy App ID from here and add it to the .env file.
```bash
NEXT_PUBLIC_PRIVY_APP_ID=your_app_id
```

6. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

## Using in production
1. Create a [production API key](https://docs.crossmint.com/introduction/platform/api-keys/client-side).
2. Create a [production Privy App ID](https://dashboard.privy.io/) and add it to the `.env` file.
3. Update the `NEXT_PUBLIC_CHAIN` variable in the `.env` file to the chain you want to use. (default is `optimism-sepolia`)
